Super H Game
USER AGREEMENT

This Agreement governs your access and use of software products offered by Super H Game ("Super H", “we”, “us”), and related updates, upgrades and features as well as online and mobile services, features, content, forum and websites (including but not limited to official website, facebook fan club) offered by SUPER H (collectively as "SUPER H Services"). 
BY USING SUPER H SERVICES, YOU ARE DEEMED TO HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY AND AGREED TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO NOT DOWNLOAD OR USE SUPER H SERVICES. 
We reserves the right, at its discretion, to change, modify, add or remove any portion of these terms, its Privacy Policy and other relevant policies developed by us (collectively as “Policies”)at any time by posting the amended terms on the SUPER H Services. You will be deemed to have accepted such changes by continuing to use the Service. If at any point you do not agree to any portion of the then-current version of Policies, rules or codes of conduct relating to your use of SUPER H Services, you must immediately stop using SUPER H Services.
If you are a minor (depending on the applicable laws where you are currently located), you should confirm that your parent(s) or legal guardian has read, understood and agreed to the terms of this Agreement and its subsequent changes before you use SUPER H Services. When you start to use SUPER H Services, we assume that your parent(s) or legal guardian has read, understood and agreed to the terms of this Agreement and its subsequent changes.
1. Account
Before accessing or using the Service, including browsing any SUPER H website or accessing a game, you may be required to directly register an account or register an account with certain third party social media or social networking services (“SNS”), such as Facebook or Google+(hereinafter referred to as "your Account") to access and use SUPER H Services. You agree and understand all the information you provide, as required for registering your Account, should be truthful, current, complete and accurate, and if you register through a SNS, we will obtain your personal information you have provided to the SNS. 
You are solely responsible for any activity that occurs in your Account and maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account. You agree to promptly notify SUPER H of any unauthorized use of your Account and modify your Account login information. We will not be responsible for any loss or damage resulting from your failure to keep your Account safe and secure.
2. Grant of License.
SUPER H grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable and limited license to access and use SUPER H Services for your own non-commercial entertainment purposes. You agree not to use SUPER H Services for any other purpose.
3. Restrictions on Use.
The following restrictions apply to the use of SUPER H Services:
‧	You shall not create an Account or access the Service if you are under the age of 13, even if there is no such provision in the laws of your country. You shall restrict use by minors, and you will deny access to children under the age of 13. You accept full responsibility for any unauthorized use of the Service by minors. You are responsible for any use of your credit card or other payment instrument  by minors.
‧	You shall not (or attempt to) purchase, sell, rent or give away your Account, create an Account using a false identity or information, or on behalf of someone other than yourself; You shall not use the Service if you have previously been removed by SUPER H, or previously been banned from playing any SUPER H game.
‧	You shall use your Account only for non-commercial purposes; You shall not use the Service to advertise, or solicit, or transmit any commercial advertisements, including chain letters, junk or spam e-mail or repetitive or misleading messages to anyone.
‧	You shall not (or attempt to) purchase, sell, rent or give away your Account.
‧	You shall not transfer or attempt to transfer any Virtual Money and/or Virtual Goods (defined below) to anyone else.
‧	You shall not in any way use SUPER H Services if your Account have previously been removed, suspended, or terminated by SUPER H, or previously been banned from playing any SUPER H game.
‧	You shall not use SUPER H Services to advertise, or solicit, or transmit any commercial advertisements, including chain letters, junk or spam e-mail or repetitive or misleading messages to anyone.
‧	You shall not modify, disrupt, attack, or interfere with or otherwise adversely affect SUPER H Services, or SUPER H’s servers, networks or systems.
‧	You shall not act in a manner that may negatively affect other users' experience when using SUPER H Services or playing SUPER H 's games, including but not limited to cheating, using bots, win trading, manipulating rankings or scores, taking advantage of errors in SUPER H Services.
‧	You shall not circumvent, deactivate or otherwise interfere with any technological measure, software protection mechanisms or security related feature of SUPER H Services.
‧	You shall not reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, decode, decipher or otherwise attempt to derive the source code from any SUPER H Services.
‧	You shall not use SUPER H Services in violation of any applicable law or regulation.
‧	You shall not do any other uses of SUPER H Services that we have reasonable grounds to believe it is inappropriate.
4. Termination and Account Removal
You may terminate this Agreement and remove your Account at any time and for any reason by contact us with SUPER H_service@SUPER H.com.tw informing SUPER H that you wish to this Agreement and remove your Account.
You understand and agree that if you terminate this Agreement and remover your Account, or if we terminate this Agreement and remove your Account in accordance with these terms, you may lose access to any data previously associated with your Account (including, without limitation, your user name, persona data, your game progress, the level or score you have reached in using SUPER H Services and any Virtual Money or Virtual Goods (defined below) associated with your Account).We reserves the right to remove any account that has been inactive for 180 days.
Were serves the right to stop offering and/or supporting SUPER H Services or a particular game or part of SUPER H Services at any time, at which point your license to use SUPER H Services or a part thereof will be automatically terminated. In such event, SUPER H shall not be required to provide refunds, benefits or other compensation to users in connection with such discontinued Service. 
5. Privacy Policy
We take your privacy very seriously, and we collect, process and use the information gathered through your login and other uses of SUPER H Services, in accordance with the Privacy Policy.  Furthermore, we will take reasonable and appropriate security measures to protect your personal information and privacy according to applicable law. For further information please see the Privacy Policy.
6.Intellectual Property
You acknowledge that all copyright, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights in and relating to SUPER H Services are owned by or licensed to SUPER H.
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY HEREIN, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU SHALL HAVE NO OWNERSHIP OR OTHER PROPERTY INTEREST IN ANY OF SUPER H SERVICES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITIED TO YOUR ACCOUNT, ANY VIRTUAL MONEY, OR VIRTUAL GOODS,AND YOU FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT ALL RIGHTS IN AND TO YOUR ACCOUNT ARE AND SHALL FOREVER BE OWNED BY SUPER H.
7. Virtual Money and Virtual Goods
SUPER H Services may include virtual currencies, such as coins, points, diamonds (hereinafter referred to as “Virtual Money”) and virtual items, goods or services for use in SUPER H Services (collectively, "Virtual Goods"). Virtual money and Virtual Goods may be purchased from us for real money, obtained through game play within the games or obtained through interaction or participation with certain authorized partners. Virtual Money and Virtual Goods may not be exchanged for real money, goods or other items of monetary value from us or any other party.
We reserve the right to control, regulate, change, revise the pricing of any Virtual Money or Virtual Goods offered through SUPER H Services, at any time, without any liability to you.
You understand that any in-app purchase is processed and controlled by Apple or Google, depending on the device you use, and receipts for your purchases are also emailed by Apple or Google.
Here at SUPER H, we neither store, nor have access to any of your credit card information. That’s because the payment transactions themselves are completed through Apple’s App Store or Google Play (depending on your device) via your personal email address associated with that account. So, for inquiries related to transactions or to report suspected fraud, please contact either Apple or Google.

As with anything related to the Internet, always keep your passwords to yourself and consider changing them on a regular basis. SUPER H will never ask you for your game account password(s) or credit card information.
If you want to make an in-app purchase, the safest way is to do it through the game itself on your mobile device. To further protect yourself from fraud, make sure to avoid any third party sellers (like “free gem” websites, etc.) that may collect your personal information, money, or both in return for promised in-game products. Selling, redeeming or trading virtual in-game currency is otherwise not allowed by our Terms of Service.
8. Contents
Any conversations, messages and communications between you and other users, or any images, sounds, material, posts, uploads, or any other submissions made available via SUPER H Services are collectively referred to as “Contents”. All intellectual property rights vested in Contents are and shall remain in you or your licensor. You are willing to grant SUPER H a worldwide, perpetual, non-exclusive, irrevocable, transferable, royalty-free license, to use, adapt, modify, transmit, copy, publish, display, and otherwise exploit Contents on and through SUPER H Services.
You represent and warrant that any and all Contents you upload, transmit, submit or otherwise make available via SUPER H Services, whether Contents is published publicly or privately, and the license you grant to SUPER H, will not infringe copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral rights, or other intellectual property rights, or other proprietary rights of any other parties, or violate any applicable law or regulation, and you understand and acknowledge that you are solely responsible for any and all Contents that you make available via SUPER H Services.
You agree not to transmit or otherwise make available any Contents:
‧	that are untrue, obscene, defamatory, abusive, harmful, hateful or any violation of public order and morals;
‧	that infringe the fame, privacy, intellectual property right, or other proprietary rights of any party;
‧	that contain viruses or any other computer code, files or programs that will interrupt, interfere with or otherwise adversely affect SUPER H Services, or SUPER H’s servers, networks or systems.
‧	that are in violation of any applicable law and regulation.
For the avoidance of doubt, we are entitled to remove any Contents from SUPER H Services if we decide at our sole discretion.
9. Breach of this Agreement
You understand that we are entitled to take actions, such as suspend or remove your Account, modify or remove Virtual Money or Virtual Goods from your Account, or modify your level or score you have reached in SUPER H Services, whether individually or in combination, if you fail to, or we suspect that you fail to, comply with any terms of this Agreement, without prior notice to you. No refunds, compensation or reimbursement will be given, and You agree to compensate us, for any and all losses, harm, claims and expenses that arise from any breach of these terms by you.
10. Maintenance of SUPER H Services
You acknowledge and understand that we will do our best to ensure that the Service is fully operational at all times, but we are not responsible for any temporary interruptions, breakdowns, or errors in using the Services arising from factors outside of our control.  
