Forums and Private Messages
Our Sites offer publicly accessible blogs, private messages, or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, please contact us.  In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
If you choose to use Facebook connect to use our blog or community forums, the information you provide is tied to your Facebook account. You will need to contact Facebook directly. 

Customer Service
We may use your email address to contact you about your gaming experience with SUPER H games and notify you about company news and promotions.
If you no longer wish to receive certain email notifications you may opt-out at any time by following the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each communication or by emailing us with the contact information provided in this policy.
Your mailing address may be used if we have merchandise or other physical promotional materials that we want to send to you.  If you no longer wish to receive these types of promotional materials, you may opt-out from receiving them at any time by emailing us with the contact information provided in this policy.
Third Party Services
The Services may contain third party tracking and data collection and analytics tools from the Services providers, examples of which include Google Analytics and Mobile App Tracking by Tune. Such third parties may use cookies, APIs, and SDKs in the Services to enable them to collect and analyze user and device related data and information on our behalf. The third parties may have access to and collect data and information about you, such as your device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, locale (specific location where a given language is spoken), geo-location information, IP address, application usage, access and session times, applications present on the device or in use at a particular time on the device, and your viewing of and interactions with advertising, for the purpose of providing their services, including, for example, enabling, providing and delivering advertising as described in further detail below..   
The privacy policies of the Services providers may include additional terms and disclosures regarding their data collection and use practices and tracking technologies, and we encourage you to check those privacy policies to learn more about their data collection and use practices, use of cookies and other similar tracking technologies.
Mobile Applications
When you use any of the SUPER H games or applications on a mobile platform, we may record certain information and data.  This information is useful to us for troubleshooting and helps us understand usage trends and improve and optimize the Services and your user experience, and may also be utilized for other purposes, such as interest-based advertising as described elsewhere in this Policy.
In addition, we create a unique user ID to track your use of the Services.  This unique user ID is stored in connection with your profile information to track the SUPER H games you are playing.
We may occasionally send you push notifications through our mobile applications to send you game updates, high scores and other service related notifications that may be of importance to you.  You may at any time opt-out from receiving these types of communications by turning them off at the device level through your settings.
With only your express consent, we or our partners may collect your precise location based information (GPS) for the purpose of matching you with opponent players in your local area, to tailor content specific to your area (such as event announcements), to show your location to other players, and to match your device location to certain points of interest for purposes of interest based advertising as described elsewhere in this Policy. Other players in our game may then be able to see that you are available to play a game when you participate in specific areas of our games. Please note, participation in this part of the Services is not a requirement for all game play in our games, but it may be a requirement for example to participate in local game eplay with others in your area.
Advertising
We may feature advertisements in our games and elsewhere, both ourselves and with the help of our partners, and collect and use data and information about you and your device (including the presence of applications on the device or in use at a particular time on the device) in connection with such advertising, including your viewing of and interaction with any such advertising, in order to deliver, enable, target and optimize advertising and promotional information that is more relevant to you and is based on your game and device usage, online behavior and interests (this is commonly referred to as online behavioral or interest based advertising). 
Advertisers on mobile devices and our third party advertising and analytics partners sometimes collect and use advertising IDs to enable and optimize advertising. advertising IDs are non-permanent device identifiers such as the Android advertising ID and/or Apple's ID for advertising.
These advertisers and third party advertising and analytics partners may collect and use data and information about you, such as the Services session activity, viewing of and interaction with an advertisement, device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, geo-location information and IP address for the purposes of analyzing, tracking and measuring advertisement performance and to provide interest based advertising.
In addition, you may see our games advertised in other services.  After clicking on one of these advertisements and installing our game, you will become a user of the Services.  In order to verify the installs, a device identifier may be shared with the advertiser or third party advertiser or analytics partner.
 
Disclosure of the Personal Information That We Collect
•	Unless otherwise agreed by you, we will not sell, rent or transfer your personal information to third parties without your prior consent.
•	It may be necessary − by law, legal process, litigation, and/or requests from public and governmental authorities within or outside your country of residence − for SUPER H to disclose your personal information or other information collected by us. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate.
•	In connection with any sale of our company or any line of business (including the assets relating thereto), customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets, and such customer information (including your Personal Information) will be transferred or sold to the acquirer in the event of any such sale or disposition of any or all of our business.
  
Your Rights
We ask that you keep the personal information that you provide to us current. You represent and warrant that all personal information you provide us is true and correct and relates to you and not to any other person. 

If you wish to review, delete and/or revise the personal information we have stored about you, please contact us with your specific request at the Services email.

You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and for restricting access to your computer or device, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account. We will not be liable for any losses due to account information leakage or unauthorized access (including but not limited to installed spyware, being hacked, not logged out of the Services after use or failure to keep the security of a registered device) that is attributable to your negligence.
 
External Sources
Our Websites/Apps may link to external sites beyond our control. This Policy covers only the way we treat the personal information we collect on our Websites/Apps. By accessing any external sites, you are agreeing to the privacy policies of those sites. Please understand that the external sites may have different policies with respect to the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information. We have no control over and are not responsible for the privacy practices of such third parties. Therefore, you are encouraged to review the privacy policies of all third-party Websites/Apps. Without limiting anything in the following section, we are not liable in any way for the actions, inactions or policies of any external services.
  
Our Policy Regarding Children
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from or direct or target interest based advertising to anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use the Services.  If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address.  No one under the age of 13 may provide any personal information.  In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you are a parent or guardian who has discovered or suspected that your child under the age of 13 has submitted his or her personally identifiable information without your permission or consent, please contact us by e-mail and we will make reasonable efforts to remove the information from our database.

 
Websites/Apps Security
It is entirely your choice whether or not you provide personal information to us. We have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to attempt to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the personal information collected through the Websites/Apps. We take reasonable precautions to protect our customers' personal information against loss, misuse, unauthorized disclosure, alteration, and destruction. However, please remember that no transmission of data over the internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to us or from us, and you do so at your own risk. Please notify us immediately if you find out any actual or suspected breach or unauthorized access or use of your account.
 
Contact Us
If you want to contact us about any of the matters in relation to this privacy policy, including to exercise any of your rights, then please contact our customer services department with SUPER H_service@SUPER H.com.tw.
